I can let you do anything
Yes
kneel down
They want me to let them go.
It has to make me happy anyway
You can't make me happy.
Why should I let them go?
Bai Qianzi, what are you still doing?
Didn't you hear what General Xu said?
Kneel down for me
Get on your knees
What are you still hesitating about?
Hesitate any longer
You will watch your parents
Died in front of you
Pei Qianzi, we are your biological parents
Are you for me and your dad?
Just make you kneel
Are you embarrassed?
Is God General Xu okay now?
Do you think it's okay?
God Xu, what do you want?
As long as you crawl over on your knees and serve me
I'll let you go.
I said it so clearly
You should know what you want to do, right?
It seems that my lesson to you is not enough.
Dead girl
Do you really want to get us killed?
Since you don't want to
Don't blame me for breaking up with you